in today's gaming news the Warhammer 40k
MMO is still being made baldur's gate
gets removed from the iOS App Store and
Australia refuses classification for
state of decay and saints row 4 hello
ladies and gentlemen welcome back to the
show it is wednesday june lee 26 than my
name is force here with your days gaming
news first up today the Warhammer MMO
originally titled dark millennium online
had an uncertain future after the fall
of THQ but it looks like the game still
has hope with a brand new developer and
a new name naughty bear creator behavior
interactive has acquired the rights to
the Warhammer MMO which is now named
Warhammer 40k eternal crusade this MMO
RPG set in the 40k universe will be an
over-the-shoulder shooter with brutal
melee combat featuring space marines
eldar orcs and chaos as playable races
the game is planned for release on the
xbox one ps4 and PC in 2015 fantastic
the 40k MMO is still being made who is
it being made by again the Naughty Bear
developer what I didn't play that game
how are the reviews um or oh god oh god
this game review horribly this has got
to be a little frustrating for fans of
the 40k universe and people who are
looking forward to the upcoming 40k MMO
to know it's being made by a developer
who made the Naughty Bear games who were
well not well received at all but
regardless I guess we can give this
developer a second chance and hopefully
come 2015 the 40k MMO will actually look
promising hopefully next up in news it
looks like the iOS versions of baldur's
gate enhanced edition half and pulled
from the store thanks to Atari following
a request from Atari the game's
publisher beam dog has removed the sale
of baldur's gate enhanced edition from
their site in the iOS App Store the game
is still available for purchase on the
official Atari site steam and amazon
although this move from Atari doesn't
bode well for the future of Baldur's
Gate it was
so recently announced that an enhanced
sequel and DLC for the game has been put
on hold you know Atari that company that
made games about 20 years ago and hasn't
been relevant since it's sort of
frustrating for people who wanted to try
the enhanced edition of baldur's gate on
the iOS platform although I guess if
you've already purchased and downloaded
it you should be all set but due to
these legal troubles which I'm assuming
boil down to Atari not getting a cut of
the iOS sales I mean I don't know why
else they would pull the sail from the
game from that storefront it unless
they're just not getting money and
that's what they're looking for one
would just assume that that is
rationally the case it's also
unfortunate to hear that future plans
for Boulder gate games and enhanced
editions have been put on hold and I
hope that this isn't also the result of
shenanigans with Atari and last step in
news will be talking about to the
Australians games rating board which has
denied rating for state of decay and
saints row 4 and as such making those
games unavailable to Australian citizens
after denying classification to saints
row 4 yesterday for the games use of an
alien anal probe the Australian
Classification Board has now also denied
classification to state of decay firts
use of drugs that's two games in one
week barred from sale or import in
Australia although it is likely the
developers of both games will make the
necessary changes to receive a proper
rating and be made available to
Australian gamers this roadblock will
undoubtedly delay the process now I'm
not looking to get all political here
but what is the sense in this I mean
these are supposed to be games tailored
for adults and the Australia
classification rating board is denying
sale of those games to set adults
because they don't like the use of drug
use or an alien anal probe I mean I
would have been more offended by a real
ballistic anal probe but an alien anal
probe maybe they believe that that's
actually happening I don't know it's the
censorship that I'm concerned with or at
least the attempt at censorship and the
most frustrating part about all of this
for Australian gamers is the recent
passing of the n 18 plus ratings for
entertainment which was supposed to mean
that mature
themed games meant for adults would go
through and be available but even with
that n 18 plus rating it looks like some
content such as anal probes and drug use
is still off limits for Australian
gamers if you are an Australian gamer or
if you just like to chime in on the
issue I'd love to hear what you have to
say in the comments section below 41 I
find it frustrating that they're trying
to censor this content whether or not
you want to call games art I think they
should be I think they should be
considered such when it comes to the
case of censorship and what I mean by
that is that i don't think you should be
able to censor video games and you
should let the consumers decide what
they want to purchase alright guys
that's gonna do it for this episode of
the show as always thank you so much for
watching once again this has been forced
and you have just been force-fed whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa drugs anal probes
absolutely not that's disgusting we
can't show this stuff if we don't show
it then people will forget it exists and
we won't have to worry about our
problems anymore
you